---
title: Ayy pepito
image: 
layout: "post"
permalink: /talks/82.html
published: true
summary: # Abstract; Pepito is a log (stream-based) processing engine, providing parsing, enrichment, corre…
lang: en
---
<< [back to schedule](/schedule/)

## Ayy pepito
---


# Abstract
Pepito is a log (stream-based) processing engine, providing parsing, enrichment, correlation, ingestion of events and decision making. Relying on kafka and golang, it is a cross-over between ELK and a fail2ban on steroids.

Built by secops for *ops, it aims at making parsing, incident detection and response as fast and friendly/safe as possible.

# Why pepito ?
One of the commonly faced issues with log processing is storage. A lot of solution require/expect you to store logs in a database, which can lead to scalability/infrastructure issues.

Pepito relies on stream-processing, and thus doesn’t requires you to store the logs that you are processing (while allowing you to do so).

The combination of kafka+golang+containers aims at providing easy ™ scalability, high resilience and trivial deployment.

# Project status
While still under active development, we should be ready for an open-source release at the time of the conference (fingers crossed).

# Content of the presentation
Our presentation would mostly focus on what we are trying to achieve with pepito, including a presentation of its current state (features), past challenges, lessons learned and share our roadmap.



(Note: The list of speakers is not fixed yet and will be fixed once we know if the talk is accepted)
(Note2: I was there last year presenting snuffleupagus, and I really loved it, looking forward !)

---
### Speaker(s)


**thibault koechlin (nbs), kevin kadosh (nbs), manuel sabban (nbs)**

### Bio


<< [back to schedule](/schedule/)