---
title: Getting started with RUDDER,  a devops solution for devsecops
image: 
layout: "post"
permalink: /talks/99.html
published: true
summary: Security policies are increasingly complex and demanding to be implemented by operational teams. …
lang: en
---
<< [back to schedule](/schedule/)

## Getting started with RUDDER,  a devops solution for devsecops
---


Security policies are increasingly complex and demanding to be implemented by operational teams. How can we be sure that our security policies are properly applied on all our servers other than through a massive and costly audit? Even if they were when they were created, how do you know if they remain perfectly compliant after a few days / weeks / months?

More generally, the problem can be generalized to a devsecops approach: how to ensure that teams work together to make system infrastructures more reliable and secure?

Discover how RUDDER, a solution based on the devops spirit that allows teams to work together, can bring its know-how during a first-hand workshop and deploy your first rules together.

---
### Speaker(s)


**Benoît PECCATTE (Rudder)**

### Bio
Benoît Peccatte is an architect from Rudder and senior consultant since 2014. As such, he manages not only the coherence of the architecture, but also everything related to it. It thus accelerates Rudder's development through the continuous improvement of development processes and associated tools. Her extensive expertise also allows her to handle complex client cases.

Before joining Rudder, Benoît worked in several fields such as IT security and the implementation of electronic safes or PKIs,  the system administration of large web infrastructures or the development of multimodal interfaces.

When he doesn't touch Rudder, Benoît learns Korean, automates his house with raspberry pi or teaches his cat how to live.

<< [back to schedule](/schedule/)